You fail a paper at university. Pay $100k and move back 6 spaces.
You eat a questionably looking butter chicken at the Hamilton night markets. Roll one die again: if you roll an odd number you fall sick and miss your next turn.
You purchase a mystery package from 1Day. Collect a free house to put on any property you own.
You purchase a mystery package from 1Day. Collect 10k.
You purchase a mystery item from 1Day. Move back 4 spaces.
You purchase a mystery item from 1Day. Collect $1m.
You purchase a mystery item from 1Day. It’s cocaine… Go to jail.
You changed your Facebook birthday to protect yourself from identity theft. No one else knows this. Collect $50k in birthday gifts from each player.
CONGRATULATIONS! One night stand ended badly and you’re now a parent. Half your go money as child support for the next five rounds must be paid.
You are awarded Sir Edmund Hilary Scholarship however your parents already paid your fees. Collect $500k for “extra living costs”.
You get a part-time job! Say hello to the newest stripper at HushHush. Every player pays you all the $10k notes they own as “tips” on your first night.
It’s the morning after your one night stand. Walk of shame to the nearest public transport.
 It’s winter and none of your properties have any insulation. Pay $50k per apartment and $100k per hotel in extra power.
Guess who was snoozing in Monday morning’s lecture? Skip your next turn 
You throw up in a taxi on your way home from town, pay $100k for cleaning.
You have problems with StudyLink; they put you on hold. Skip your next turn.
Your WooHoo arrives, collect $500k.
Buy a coffee from Momento, pay $250k. It sucks. What a waste of $250k.
Hamilton is boring so you midnight-mish to Auckland.  Advance to Pakuranga Lights and pay half the rent if owned.
All players park at your flat for Balloons over Waikato.  Collect $10k from each player as a parking fee.
You spend $500k in town during O week. Should have left the debit card at home.
You get discovered on Youtube and guest star on “Two kids at University”. Collect $100k.
During cultural hour you decide to start playing Orcball.  You become obsessed and end up buying a realistic wooden shield. Pay $300k.
You score a graduate internship at Fonterra. Collect $250k as your first paycheck.
You win a hot lap with Greg Murphy.  Until you pass this square you must roll with three die.
You can’t afford petrol this week and have to walk. Until you pass this square again you must roll with one die.
Another earthquake hits Christchurch! Whoever owns buildings on Cathedral Square loses it.
You drop your iPhone and it breaks. Take it to Skinny for repair.
Lightwire have a stall at O Week and you befriend the workers there. They invite you to their after work drinks. Go to the Lightwire office to meet them.
