It’s 99c week at Pak’n’Save so you decide to buy their establishment. Pay $5m. On the plus side, you get free groceries. Forever!
Your flatmate ditches you, so you get their bond. Collect $100k.
You’re caught dealing E on the dance floor in Bar 101. Go directly to jail. Do NOT pass Go.
Your party is raving but noise control gets called. All players were guests and feel guilty so they contribute $50k each toward the fine.
You audition for X factor NZ and win with your spectacular rendition of the chicken dance. Collect $2m.
It’s Re-O week and you get really drunk. For the next two turns odd numbers move you forward and even numbers move you backwards.
The Edge gives you tickets to the 7 Days Hamilton show, but you have an assignment due that night. Collect $120k for selling them on Trade Me.
You decide cross the ditch and the NZ government forces you to pay back your entire student loan. Pay $500k.
You invent Whittakers Marmite chocolate. Roll one die. If you roll a one, the product line was successful: Collect a profit of $1m. Otherwise, pay your investment loan of $3m back to ASB.
Join the Waikato Ski and Snowboarding Club and start snowboarding this winter! Move to Ohakune. If you pass go collect $2m.
Your grandfather passed away leaving you with his estate. Place an apartment on the property of your choice. If you don’t own any property you’ll have to pass it on to someone else!
Buy the cheapest available property from the bank and gift it to the poorest ($) player. If there are no properties left, buy a house for their cheapest property. If that doesn’t work they miss out!
You debate with Colin Craig about student allowance and get invited to join Waikato DebSoc. Collect $50k.
Challenge a player to a $1m bet. Roll a die. If it’s even you win!
You’re scammed with fake tickets to an OMC reunion concert. Pay $50k.
Advance 10 spaces for no good reason.
You challenge Australia in a class action law suit for the rights to the pavlova and win. Collect $5m in lost income.
You start feeding a stray cat that now keeps coming back.  Pay $100k for pet food.
You decide to volunteer in an African Village over summer. Advance to go.
BLOCK PARTY: Owners on the street you’ve landed on must pay $20k in damages per property owned.  
You gift your flat a lounge heater. It catches fire. Pay each player $250k of their bond back.
You convince your best friend to go out for cocktails. In an attempt to persuade her, you offer to pay for her cocktails. Pay $100k.
You take a Negotiation and Persuasion paper and become a master. Trade a property of your choice with one that belongs to the player on your left.
You win a WSU comp to take the player on your left and right to Waitomo Caves. Only YOU have the choice to purchase it. If owned, all three pay rent.
